("Black Sunshine")
(engine roaring)
(train horn blows)
- [Iggy Pop] Gripping the wheel,
his knuckles went
white with desire.
The wheels of his
Mustang exploding
on the highway like
a slug from a 45.
True death: 400 horsepower
of maximum performance
piercing the night.
This is Black Sunshine.
♪ Yeah, move me in the
silent Baltic motorway ♪
♪ Hang me on the edge
before I fall away ♪
♪ Apocalypse is dawnin',
actions on the mile ♪
♪ A can do revolution,
Earth to the river Nile ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride,
Black Sunshine ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride, yeah ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride ♪
♪ Black Sunshine ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, cry a river
Cosmic moon in a Scorpio ♪
♪ Feel her body
breathe, acid radio ♪
♪ Tell me that you like
it when I'm a-going down ♪
♪ Tell me that you like it,
move to the speed of sound ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride,
Black Sunshine ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride, yeah ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride ♪
♪ Black Sunshine ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride ♪
♪ Ow ♪
♪ Slide into, I said a 44,
cool heart can a hypnotize ♪
♪ Dream into infinity, I
turned the love to lies ♪
♪ Crawl across the water
wave and sink into the sea ♪
♪ Reflectin' onto everything
that you can never be ♪
♪ Check-out ♪
(person screaming)
♪ Yeah, to the
devil a daughter ♪
♪ Comes 2000 worlds away ♪
♪ Yeah, born to lose
the love you choose ♪
♪ Destroy another
day, check out ♪
- [Man] I work on this
baby the same way,
trying to get
maximum performance.
I work on this
baby the same way,
trying to get
maximum performance.
I work on this
baby the same way.
♪ Yeah, sweeten the
ride, Black Sunshine ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride, yeah ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride ♪
♪ Black Sunshine ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Sweeten the ride, yeah ♪
♪ Stare into the TV,
kiss off the pain ♪
♪ Wonderland is falling,
no sing, no rain ♪
♪ Momentary damage
into the high ♪
♪ Drift me to the circuit sky ♪
- [Man] I work on this
baby the same way.
- [Iggy Pop] Finally
nothing moves.
High noon blacktop rollin'
below the asphalt drive,
a concrete fascination
scraping the edge
of nothing, nothing,
nothing, nothing.
This is Black Sunshine,
shine, shine, shine, shine,
shine, shine, shine,
shine, shine, shine.